Natalie Austin: Hi.
Natalie Austin: Can you hear me.
Natalie Austin: I'm turn your volume up
Mary's Phone: You
Natalie Austin: Are you new to treatment.
Mary's Phone: Yeah.
Mary's Phone: Counseling advocate a monster. That's about it.
Counseling.
Mary's Phone: Educator
Natalie Austin: Okay, where's that
Mary's Phone: Ashland, Ohio.
Natalie Austin: OK, that one. How long were you there.
Mary's Phone: Unfortunately,
Natalie Austin: Was it like what a week, two weeks, the day
Mary's Phone: Maybe two weeks.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Did you on whatever either very long. Did you not enjoy it. Did you
Natalie Austin: Want to go out
Mary's Phone: Just the lifestyle. I was living
Natalie Austin: Okay, yeah.
Mary's Phone: Kind of messing up lot and doing a lot of dumb stuff.
Natalie Austin: You weren't ready yet, basically.
Mary's Phone: Yeah, pretty much.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Oh.
Mary's Phone: My god, I've never been quarter or or anything to any rehab. I've never went because I knew that I wasn't ready
Mary's Phone: And I didn't want to
Mary's Phone: Waste an opportunity, you know,
Mary's Phone: So on my head, my ass but
Ah,
Oh, good.
Natalie Austin: Have you had a prescription for Suboxone
Mary's Phone: Know,
Natalie Austin: You buy stuff off the street or
Mary's Phone: Yeah yeah
Natalie Austin: Yeah, okay.
Natalie Austin: She never ever had a prescription
Natalie Austin: And you gave us a pharmacy.
Mary's Phone: What was that
Natalie Austin: Did you give us a pharmacy name.
Natalie Austin: To send a prescription
Mary's Phone: Where'd you say
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Sounds good.
Natalie Austin: Well, tell me about your story, how you got into, like, how, how old were you when you first started using opioids. What happened, why you got into it.
Mary's Phone: It started out
Mary's Phone: This was about 20 years ago 10 years ago.
Mary's Phone: Took the pain pills for a long time till
Mary's Phone: It was cheaper to somebody told me about heroin and told me that you know cheaper than the pills and
Natalie Austin: Well 10 years ago did you start on the pills because of because of an injury and were you just
Natalie Austin: Party here.
Mary's Phone: Yeah I broke my left arm.
Mary's Phone: Okay, and then he wrote me a prescription for like something crazy like 180 perks or something like a month, and it was
Mary's Phone: Yeah. Or maybe I don't sky high. And my cousin of
Mary's Phone: Time was like us.
Mary's Phone: You know, you could, you know, you could sell those and and all this other stuff and and I was just back and forth the screen eat them and selling them and then the buy more once I lost my prescription
Natalie Austin: And they probably have given you give them a given you prescriptions. Right.
Mary's Phone: Yeah, they did for a hot minute
Natalie Austin: Wow. That's crazy.
Mary's Phone: There's a lot of different. Now I know that like
Natalie Austin: Now you don't get any
Mary's Phone: Yeah I know hardly anything at all.
Natalie Austin: You're pretty much cold turkey now.
Natalie Austin: Oh, wow.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: 10 years ago you broke your arm. He started on high doses of opioid pills were doctor
Mary's Phone: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: And how after after that. How did you start wonder prescription stop, I guess.
Mary's Phone: It was a few months.
Mary's Phone: I got the Christian for several months because I was going through physical therapy.
Mary's Phone: On my arm so it
Mary's Phone: Came to me for a while. I can honestly. Remember how long
Mary's Phone: But once they stop and I stopped when I started mine off the streets.
Natalie Austin: Yes, you're addicted by that huh
Mary's Phone: Yeah, well actually not even so I was. I didn't know yet. You know, I honestly didn't know
Mary's Phone: I don't know. It's like
Mary's Phone: I never
Mary's Phone: Like, I didn't know you could withdraw. You don't say I didn't, didn't realize that that was a thing until I went to
Mary's Phone: went to jail. And I was talking to somebody told me I couldn't sleep last night I had restless legs.
Mary's Phone: And then they asked me if I was dope sick. And I was like, wait, what
Natalie Austin: And then the right side effect.
Mary's Phone: Yeah, and they start. Tell me the side effects of being dope sick. And I was like, yeah, I do that a lot. Yeah, yeah.
Mary's Phone: And then boom, I knew that what it was. And obviously, like I think my mind trick me, you know, because it wasn't that bad. To me, I never noticed anything different for me to be like oh my god what I gotta do something.
Mary's Phone: Right, yeah.
Mary's Phone: It was I knew about it. And then all sudden it was this problem that I couldn't have and
Natalie Austin: What made you what what happened. What did you go to jail. What happened with that.
Mary's Phone: I think it was honestly
Mary's Phone: I got in trouble for fighting I some guys pulled a knife out on
Mary's Phone: On my cousin.
Natalie Austin: And
Mary's Phone: I beat his ass and he ended up in a coma.
Natalie Austin: Oh, wow.
Mary's Phone: Yeah, was pretty serious.
Mary's Phone: But he ended up being a good come out of the coal mine.
Mary's Phone: Yeah. Not completely. I guess he's honestly actually in a wheelchair.
Natalie Austin: Oh, wow.
Mary's Phone: Yeah, so
Natalie Austin: Against you
Mary's Phone: Know the state did like
Mary's Phone: Because it was saying it's a bad injuries.
Natalie Austin: So you are
Natalie Austin: In jail, though. You weren't on opioids. Right.
Mary's Phone: No, not so I got to prison.
Natalie Austin: Or jail, then press prison.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: So, how long were you. How long were you in
Mary's Phone: Jail for two months and then I went to prison for a
Natalie Austin: Eight months.
Mary's Phone: No, there was a they went from a felonious assault and they drop me down to an F4 aggravated assault because they like once I heard the whole story they realized that I was really just trying to protect my cousin.
Natalie Austin: Right, but
Mary's Phone: Obviously I was intoxicated. I was intoxicated, and I didn't really stop when I show them. So for that, they kind of, you know, send me to prison.
Natalie Austin: See, I was. It was more like self defense, sort of, I guess, right.
Mary's Phone: Yeah, but they should be self defense and there isn't a self defense law in Ohio, but you can argue it into a jury.
Mary's Phone: Okay, so I was going to try to do that. But my
Natalie Austin: attorney said that
Mary's Phone: Like the injuries and stuff. The pictures are bad, and he said not to fight it to just take the deal.
Mary's Phone: And also in taking the deal it
Mary's Phone: Was they said they wouldn't recommend them acceptance on an F4 aggravated assault and also that I wouldn't be responsible. She died from head injuries.
Mary's Phone: Anytime after that.
Natalie Austin: Oh, wow.
Natalie Austin: That's all behind, you know, what did you get out of prison.
Mary's Phone: 2013
Natalie Austin: Oh, good. Okay, seven years.
Mary's Phone: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Oh good, you're good. Okay, now
Mary's Phone: Yeah, I still got in trouble for driving without a license, a little bit here a while back, but I got all that taken care of and all my friends paid
Mary's Phone: Completely off.
Mary's Phone: Like I'm not in the system at all anymore.
Natalie Austin: Oh, good. Will you go
Natalie Austin: Well that's good news.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: So the whole time you were in jail. You didn't get any opioids. But when you went to prison. I gave them to you. How's that
Natalie Austin: Oh, okay.
Natalie Austin: You got mother inmates. Yeah, that's interesting.
Natalie Austin: It kind of like sold it to your
Mary's Phone: Yeah, I am I, you know, people wiring money on the streets to
Mary's Phone: Green dark
Mary's Phone: Green Card.
Natalie Austin: Gotcha, gotcha. That makes sense.
Natalie Austin: So for the eight months you're in there. You're getting off other inmates are buying a lot of them.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, okay.
Natalie Austin: Gotcha, gotcha. How do you spell your last name.
Mary's Phone: Var o w n
Natalie Austin: D r o w n
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: And your first name is
Mary's Phone: Calvin. The lb.
Natalie Austin: lb. I am
Natalie Austin: See during the system here.
Natalie Austin: Alvin brown
Mary's Phone: I'm Alva Robert Brown, the
Natalie Austin: Founder
Natalie Austin: There you go. October 11 1989
Mary's Phone: Yep. Okay.
Natalie Austin: So,
Natalie Austin: You've been out of prison since 2013 so seven years. So what do you been doing for opioids, the last seven years.
Mary's Phone: I actually doing heroin got pretty strong out
Natalie Austin: Is that when you start the ID, then
Mary's Phone: What's that
Natalie Austin: Is that when you started IV drugs.
Mary's Phone: Yeah yeah
Natalie Austin: Because you couldn't find the opioids are you just wanting something stronger.
Mary's Phone: Really, I think I once I started using heroin in prison.
Mary's Phone: That's kind of what I stuck with when I got out.
Mary's Phone: I didn't really try to find pills, because once you use the heroin. It's like the pills. Don't none of the pills, you know,
Mary's Phone: Just don't do it.
Natalie Austin: When you are in prison. Did you, you didn't do it though, right, you started it.
Mary's Phone: Yes, nor did I couldn't have done it. But it was from a use somebody like who knows how many inmates have used it and
Natalie Austin: Yeah yeah
Mary's Phone: Yeah, I was like, at that time of my life. I was like, Yeah, fucking crazy.
Natalie Austin: For you. So you're smart, then
Mary's Phone: A little bit know and then
Mary's Phone: And then when I was in prison. They said that I
Mary's Phone: tested positive for hepatitis.
Mary's Phone: And
Mary's Phone: And that I know that like really messing me up because prior to that was training to become a fighter, a boxer
Mary's Phone: And once I lost my license or whatever, just kind of hooked me up and
Mary's Phone: When I got out. I ended up using that's when I ended up using it because I need all because I was like, well, Marty your head.
Natalie Austin: So how'd you get the hep C.
Mary's Phone: That it from a fight.
Mary's Phone: From a bar fight this guy ended up beating them up and his girl went home with his girlfriend and his girlfriend told me that he had hepatitis, that I should get checked and I was just like, yeah, whatever. I'm Superman like an idiot. I was young and dumb.
Natalie Austin: Just a little bit of a little fight like a little bit of cognac.
Mary's Phone: Punched him in the mouth and I broke his nose and when I punched him in the mouth is to cut my knuckle
Mary's Phone: And then I ended up actually getting getting green
Mary's Phone: Like he became so infected. I went to the hospital. Finally, and they had to. It was terrible.
Mary's Phone: But yeah
Mary's Phone: Again, green my hand and that kind of tripped me out a little bit.
Mary's Phone: But I got the infection taken care of and they cut it open and cleaned it
Natalie Austin: Oh, wow.
Natalie Austin: Are you still boxing now.
Mary's Phone: No, no, no.
Mary's Phone: I need to. I want to
You want to
Mary's Phone: Know, just
Mary's Phone: To stop.
Mary's Phone: Doing dumb stuff.
Natalie Austin: That's going to stop you from doing does that stop you from getting your boxing license.
Mary's Phone: Yeah, pretty much.
It does.
Mary's Phone: Just like just I can't get my license while I'm out here.
Mary's Phone: I'm out here running around doing drugs and partying and
Mary's Phone: I'm just not my like my lifestyle right now doesn't allow just because
Mary's Phone: I'm not responsible enough.
Natalie Austin: You're not focused enough
Right.
Natalie Austin: Well now that you're in the program with us. What do you think maybe that could be one of our goals.
Natalie Austin: Is getting that
Mary's Phone: Yeah.
What do you think
Mary's Phone: That's good.
Natalie Austin: That's a good idea. There you go, see, hey, I see a glimmer of hope in your eyes.
Natalie Austin: Good, good, good.
Natalie Austin: I didn't even do it.
Mary's Phone: Yeah I know I can.
Natalie Austin: Get my head on my yes you gotta get rid of all those people though to
Mary's Phone: Be I've actually done a pretty good job with those people out over the past couple months.
Natalie Austin: You got clear delete and block them out of your phone or you can get a new phone number people do.
Mary's Phone: Yeah, I got one.
Mary's Phone: Just recently that
Natalie Austin: You got a new phone number.
Mary's Phone: Yeah, I just changed it the other day.
Natalie Austin: Oh, good. Yep. You don't want them bring you down. You know, there's going to ruin your life.
Mary's Phone: Right misery loves company.
Natalie Austin: Yep, exactly. They don't want to see you succeed. So they're going to keep trying to call you and
Natalie Austin: They're like
Mary's Phone: I don't
Natalie Austin: Like girls have a lot of fake friends. I don't know how it is with guys but but being on drugs they're fake friends, you know, they're not real.
Natalie Austin: Party.
Mary's Phone: Yeah, and I agree because they were real, a real friend wouldn't let somebody else use drugs. I, I believe.
Mary's Phone: So like anybody that got high with is like I'm they say they're real friends, but I'm like a year really cuz you're right here doing the same dumb shit. I am a real friend would be like, oh,
Mary's Phone: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, exactly. Me to stop this. They're like, enabling you
Natalie Austin: That term enables like they're making it what you're doing, you know,
Natalie Austin: Make it the same right we're making you continue it you know
Natalie Austin: So,
Natalie Austin: last seven years. How long seven years. How long were you doing IV drugs for seven years.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, okay. When's the last time we did
Mary's Phone: Six months ago.
Natalie Austin: Okay, what did it in the last six months.
Mary's Phone: Whatever. What have I done
Mary's Phone: You
Mary's Phone: Know, for the past six months, I've been taking selfies takes off the streets.
Natalie Austin: Oh, good. Okay.
Mary's Phone: And then it's sometimes it's hard to find. And I don't know, I'd be a lot easier to go through a doctor obviously then plus it would help me because I was in on when I have to take some sort of counseling or
Mary's Phone: Work. I don't actually work a program and try to actually do it and
Natalie Austin: Actually, he didn't. He didn't want to do a program
Mary's Phone: No, it's not that
Mary's Phone: I just, I know that going to a doctor to get one normally they sent me to me, you have to go to counseling and that's I'm saying that's probably a good thing for me to actually
Mary's Phone: Get to go somewhere like that. And actually, I don't know. Part of me wants to burn me does it because people I'm not the greatest in plus i don't like to be around a group of people and talking about stuff like that.
Mary's Phone: Okay, personal to me and
Mary's Phone: Plus, I can't be in a room with a bunch of addicts that are talking about old stories and whatnot, because it'll just
Natalie Austin: Trigger
Natalie Austin: And we have individual counseling. So you can just do that if you want
Mary's Phone: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Oh, that's just the counseling part is just required by the DEA is just like the month. It's a monthly requirement really
Natalie Austin: An individual that we have like twice a month, I believe, is for the individual
Mary's Phone: Yeah, that's what I would want
Natalie Austin: And then we have group every week, but in the group. Um,
Natalie Austin: Yeah, you're not actually near anybody and everyone just pops in kind of like this and it doesn't mean
Natalie Austin: Show Lucy, Lucy.
Natalie Austin: It sounds bad. It smells good. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: The kids are all home from school here.
Mary's Phone: Hi.
Natalie Austin: I'm yes
Natalie Austin: Somebody so the group. Um, but yeah, if you don't want to do. We can try. See, being a student
Mary's Phone: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yes. I don't want you to drop out the program just because of that, you know,
Natalie Austin: Reading is good for you.
Natalie Austin: Well, individual spine Rochelle is our Ohio counselor.
Natalie Austin: She's really good.
Natalie Austin: And then it. Yeah. And whenever we do have group. There's like eight people in it.
Natalie Austin: And you basically can sit with your microphone on mute, and just listen. If you don't even have to listen to them. If you don't, but Rochelle just has one topic that she covers and then she goes wrong, and I asked everybody what
Natalie Austin: Like a question like, how was your day, what's bothering you today, or whatever.
Natalie Austin: And if you don't have one listen to them. You don't have to. You can just do your own, you know, whatever they said your name, even
Natalie Austin: Though they're see there's this powerful see this this mute button or that's the video button.
Mary's Phone: Okay.
Natalie Austin: And there's a
Natalie Austin: That's the mute button right there. Yeah, see,
Natalie Austin: So that gives us a little privacy. If you need to, you know, do whatever you have to do. And if you're embarrassed or upset about something.
Natalie Austin: That's nice. Okay. Who wants you to be comfortable
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Is that a tattoo on your arm.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: What is that one. Oh.
Mary's Phone: Yeah, it's actually stupid. I hate it.
Mary's Phone: Was intoxicated, that's for sure.
Mary's Phone: But I got like like
Mary's Phone: The skull tattooed on your hand. Oh yeah, it's very faint because I never got finished but you hold on your face and then it looks like you're out of school and then the dude dude drew a spine on my arm. So now I have this freakin spine.
On my own,
Mary's Phone: Yeah. Actually, actually real soon. Like, as soon as I get the money, I'm gonna have that covered up.
Wow.
Natalie Austin: Well, are you thinking about the spine was the like the meeting.
Mary's Phone: Wasn't the guy just drew it on me and then I apparently agreed to it. I don't know.
Natalie Austin: I was, I said, Oh, that's full of
Natalie Austin: Gold
Mary's Phone: And now everybody say, Why do you respond in your arm. And I was like,
Mary's Phone: No, no.
Mary's Phone: Leading up
Mary's Phone: Right, yeah. So kind of silly.
Natalie Austin: Know he did a good job though. You can see all
Mary's Phone: Right, I need to go have somebody Finish it. Finish it. I was gonna have
Mary's Phone: A problem. He's pretty badass like wings that start on your hand and we go up your arm.
Natalie Austin: Oh, yeah.
Mary's Phone: Yeah, that would be perfect to cover all that up. So I think that's what I'm gonna do on both arms.
Natalie Austin: Oh, there you go. That sounds neat.
Natalie Austin: That's not the eagle live with.
Mary's Phone: Right, better than this mine. Yeah, yeah.
Natalie Austin: That's funny. Well, Lisa starts at like a conversation breaker, though, like
Natalie Austin: I was fine on your army.
Natalie Austin: Oh, that's funny. That should make you feel good, like some to laugh about
You know, right.
Natalie Austin: Did you ever get treated for the hep C.
Mary's Phone: Oh yeah, I'm a while I was in prison. They also gave me these three shots.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Her bony
Mary's Phone: Yep. I did that.
Perfect.
Natalie Austin: And now are you fine. Are you because I know you ready to reinvent yourself.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: You are good, good, good, good. I'm glad.
Natalie Austin: To ok
Natalie Austin: So the last
Natalie Austin: Nine months or so, you've been buying cyber attacks or Suboxone
Mary's Phone: Let me check.
Natalie Austin: Have you tried this.
Mary's Phone: Makes me
Mary's Phone: Yeah, I don't know. I'm like, I'm allergic to it or something. It makes me terribly. I don't like it's really, really sick Putin and like break out and kind of like hives.
Mary's Phone: You Really, really, yeah.
Natalie Austin: The northwestern Arcana
Mary's Phone: That's what somebody told me. Some people are allergic to the no oxygen or something. Yeah.
Yeah.
Mary's Phone: I thought I was terrible. Though I hated it.
Natalie Austin: Oh ok, so I'll put that in here.
Natalie Austin: Hi.
Yeah.
Mary's Phone: It was weird. It was not. It was like oh my arms.
Mary's Phone: Main room. My like a shoulders and chest
Mary's Phone: Freaking out, that's for sure.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, one
Natalie Austin: Okay, let's go over your past medical history do you have
Natalie Austin: Any diabetes, cancer, high blood pressure,
Mary's Phone: Anything. Sometimes my sugar will drop on me like hypoglycemia coming but yeah but that's it doesn't happen a lot just every now and again
Natalie Austin: Do you take glucose tabs for that or do you keep candies in your
Mary's Phone: Body.
Mary's Phone: You have pretty much as much out of some candy right away.
Natalie Austin: I'm just typing it up. Do you have any anyone in your family.
Natalie Austin: With diabetes.
Mary's Phone: My uncle on my mom's side.
Natalie Austin: Okay, do you have any anxiety, depression,
Mary's Phone: Anxiety, depression,
Natalie Austin: That's like you have a little bit of social anxiety.
Yeah yeah yeah
Mary's Phone: Pleasant anxiety, honestly, is
Mary's Phone: What's your
Mary's Phone: I'm sorry.
Mary's Phone: You're fine. If something pops up, and I can't see.
Natalie Austin: I guess.
Natalie Austin: It does that
Natalie Austin: I'm
Mary's Phone: Okay, there we go.
Natalie Austin: There, you're fine.
Mary's Phone: But yeah, honestly, I have a hard time sleeping most time
Mary's Phone: Yeah, just can't online. Like, I can't. Calm down. It seems like it's I worry way too much and I i really beat myself up over shit that I've done.
Mary's Phone: In the past was actually using and the pain that have cost me my family, my mom.
Mary's Phone: Just hard, I guess.
Natalie Austin: You know that's not so in the past, though.
Natalie Austin: Today's a new day.
Natalie Austin: Behind
Right.
Mary's Phone: I wish I could like, put it behind me, but
Mary's Phone: Just to let go.
Mary's Phone: being ashamed.
Mary's Phone: All that
Natalie Austin: Well, someone in your life, you have to let it go. You're gonna drive yourself nuts like literally insane. If you keep all that Harvard in
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Good for you.
Natalie Austin: Well that's all you know you can work on your individual to individual counselor.
Natalie Austin: Try to figure out, we know why and how to
Natalie Austin: Help you with that.
Natalie Austin: So do you have any other disease or anything else.
Natalie Austin: Asthma
Natalie Austin: How about
Natalie Austin: Any surgeries.
Natalie Austin: Do you have your arm.
Mary's Phone: Your hand my left off that are in place.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Yep depends in it.
Mary's Phone: Yeah, I believe they took all of her out this last time.
Okay.
Mary's Phone: I really enjoyed it. And they went back and took Barbara
Natalie Austin: Okay, gotcha.
Natalie Austin: How did you enter that hand where you put your boxing.
Mary's Phone: Gloves.
Natalie Austin: Oh,
Mary's Phone: Another bar.
Natalie Austin: Oh bar fight. Okay.
Mary's Phone: Yeah, me and my girlfriend words why I don't drink.
Mary's Phone: She gives me a hard time I don't drink a beer. There you go.
Natalie Austin: Well, good for you. Don't let her push you into that.
Mary's Phone: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Tell her
Natalie Austin: Don't make me do something I shouldn't be doing, you know,
Natalie Austin: The other guys. Yeah, okay.
Mary's Phone: Yeah, I think so. I just think you're just
Mary's Phone: Yeah, he was finding that just not
Mary's Phone: Okay.
Mary's Phone: The guy that gave me hepatitis, though he he suffered a broken nose and a broken ankle. Because when you, when I bought some a knock. Now, when he fell he broke his ankle.
Natalie Austin: Oh,
Mary's Phone: My god, you did.
Mary's Phone: They deserve it.
Natalie Austin: You shouldn't be boxing.
Natalie Austin: Yet have CDs, just because he's giving you to everyone.
Mary's Phone: Was
Mary's Phone: Like my game injury. We haven't verified urban the boxing.
Natalie Austin: Oh,
Mary's Phone: Well, that you
Natalie Austin: Know, you're right. That was a bar fight. Okay. Yeah. Oh.
Natalie Austin: And you went home with his girlfriend. That's funny. That way you're fighting over her.
Yeah.
Mary's Phone: He created the whole thing though, because
Mary's Phone: Like she came up to me and which is nice, nice bag, whatever. And then he kept trying to push my button like call me out on my bike. No, no, no, no. Don't outside smoking and he came up on and just forget
Mary's Phone: Got a button up shirt on and he had at all and
Mary's Phone: What do you think can be not so I felt like I needed to teach him a lesson. And I did.
Natalie Austin: So do you have, do you have anger management issues do you think the thing with so anger issues at all.
Mary's Phone: Probably
Natalie Austin: Probably what do you angry about
Mary's Phone: Everything.
Mary's Phone: Everything you're
Mary's Phone: Doing but
Natalie Austin: Just something happened when we were little have made you mad.
Natalie Austin: were cut off again.
Natalie Austin: The same thing happened to cause some anger in you.
Mary's Phone: Me.
Natalie Austin: On the basement suddenly
Natalie Austin: I think it's cuz you're on the basement.
Natalie Austin: You have to go upstairs.
Natalie Austin: You have to go upstairs probably
Natalie Austin: I think it's because you're in the basement.
Mary's Phone: Keeps meeting if for some reason.
Mary's Phone: I can't hear you. What the hell.
Natalie Austin: Me I muted it
Natalie Austin: Because you were in the basement. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: That's very common. It happens very often. Yeah, there you go. Lisa, is it raining there.
Natalie Austin: Yeah yeah
Natalie Austin: Be okay
Mary's Phone: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Well, there you go. Okay. Good evening. Good smoke outside to. There you go.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Um, okay. So, any other what's which hand was the it was your right hand probably wasn't a boxer's fracture.
Mary's Phone: Know the right hand. Actually, they just that they had to cut it open cleaning up the infection out I didn't actually breaking
Mary's Phone: Oh yeah, the only bone broken in my left elbow.
Natalie Austin: Elbow, okay.
Natalie Austin: How are you, did you have that one's surgically repaired.
That's the one you had. Yeah.
Mary's Phone: Yeah, they put about the hardware there. And then my dumb ass gotten into the bar fight and
Mary's Phone: Screwed up the hardware there and had to go back and take a hardware out
Natalie Austin: Do they put they put it back in again. Or you just have those two
Mary's Phone: Surgeries i know i think they just, yeah. Just a few surgeries. He took it out, sign up for that.
Natalie Austin: Oh, good. Okay, so I will move your
Mary's Phone: Move everything's okay yeah i got i don't have. Yeah, I can't, I can't reach my arm out as far as my right arm but it's not anything that is really noticeable or anything. It gives me a problem.
Natalie Austin: Oh, good. Okay, that's your left elbow.
Natalie Austin: Okay. How old were you when you
Mary's Phone: When you did each one, the right
Mary's Phone: In the last month I was like okay I was 18 when the, when the right hand happen.
Mary's Phone: Okay, um,
Mary's Phone: And then, and then I would say I was at the bottom 2021 for my hands when it, cut it.
Natalie Austin: Out there.
Natalie Austin: Gotcha, gotcha. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: Any other surgeries appendix tonsils.
Nope. Nope. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Family history.
Natalie Austin: Or your parents still alive.
Mary's Phone: Yes.
Natalie Austin: Alive and well they have any medical issues like diabetes.
Natalie Austin: High blood pressure, no nothing like
Mary's Phone: That
Mary's Phone: My dad has some high blood pressure and
Mary's Phone: He's got some heart issues right now but
Mary's Phone: He's
Natalie Austin: Recovering well
Natalie Austin: Okay, and how about your mom.
Mary's Phone: She's good. Sounds good.
Natalie Austin: any brothers or sisters
Mary's Phone: two older sisters
Natalie Austin: Or your the baby huh
Mary's Phone: Yes, yes I am.
Mary's Phone: Feel like I've been being
Mary's Phone: My older sister Betty. She's no medical problems. She's good. My other sister, Carol. She has Fragile X syndrome.
Mary's Phone: And
Mary's Phone: It breaks breaks in your chromosomes.
Mary's Phone: Oh, like, and most people will have a certain amount. My sisters is not that it's it's a way under way Lascaux, pretty much. It goes to like a mental capabilities and like a 16 year old.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Mary's Phone: And she's like,
Natalie Austin: She's saying
Natalie Austin: Does your mom does your mom wash her
Natalie Austin: She take care of her home.
Mary's Phone: She, she actually just recently got her own own place. But it's in the same apartment complex. There's my sister. My sister.
Mary's Phone: My sister helps her out.
Natalie Austin: Like independent living situation.
Mary's Phone: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: You have a case worker something to help out to
Natalie Austin: Yeah, yeah. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Gotcha, gotcha.
Natalie Austin: How often do you get to see your sisters
Mary's Phone: Or whatever it was, I don't know, I just
Mary's Phone: blew my diction are staying away from my family law more zone.
Mary's Phone: Been around them.
Natalie Austin: Right.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: But once once
Natalie Austin: You get back on the sounds like regularly. Do you think you'll be able to see them more often, or do you want to
Mary's Phone: Yeah definitely want to
Natalie Austin: Go.
Natalie Austin: Against
Mary's Phone: Her right yeah that's crazy.
Natalie Austin: That's crazy.
Mary's Phone: Yeah yeah this over the phone. I saw other people like this, you know, change a lot of things. There's all social distancing. And what was the other one.
Mary's Phone: There's another term to keep you like this.
Mary's Phone: Can be something people
Mary's Phone: I don't know.
Mary's Phone: Things are going to change and you want more phone interviews on things and a lot less face to face contact, which is weird. I feel like the government doesn't want
Mary's Phone: Doesn't want us to like be together. I don't know.
Natalie Austin: I mean it's it's me is the environments, a lot better. So, you know, the emissions is down less cars out there.
Natalie Austin: So that would be nice if there was more at home work then there'd be less traffic less accidents less
Natalie Austin: Pollution right
Natalie Austin: Yeah yeah
Natalie Austin: That's right. So they're finding out. It's pretty cool.
Natalie Austin: Do you want your prescription set to Kroger and Columbus.
Mary's Phone: Cloud Axl Rose.
Mary's Phone: Know a Kroger, yeah.
Mary's Phone: Yeah, I live right down the road from there.
Natalie Austin: Okay, and your other sub tasks.
Natalie Austin: Once a day or twice a day.
Natalie Austin: Normally
Mary's Phone: Yeah, take you about today. It's kind of, if I can, you know, but sometimes I don't have the money sometimes
Mary's Phone: Sometimes I go without
Mary's Phone: That's when it gets scary. That's when I think about using the other stuff.
Natalie Austin: I'll do it.
Natalie Austin: Twice a day then. Okay.
Mary's Phone: All right.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: He is. He is less. So if you don't have to do to if you can just do one and a half.
Mary's Phone: That's fine as well.
Mary's Phone: Yes, I'm booting up. I really
Mary's Phone: I really don't.
Mary's Phone: I don't want to be on suffer. I'm tired of my life. So I already pretty good discipline that
Mary's Phone: And not taking too much, you know,
Natalie Austin: Okay, good.
Natalie Austin: I mean, the whole idea. This is to help you get back on your feet. So
Natalie Austin: That you don't be like hung up on. I have to take this for now it's going to ruin me forever, but
Natalie Austin: Just take it now.
Natalie Austin: To help you the rest of your life in order
Natalie Austin: And then when that's an order.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, then we start backing down on this. Once you get the rest of your life in order
Natalie Austin: You know that make sense.
Natalie Austin: Does that make sense. Okay. So yeah, this word is helping you get your head on straight, you know, good job.
Natalie Austin: Your car or your whatever
Natalie Austin: Well, you're very diverse and you're
Natalie Austin: You're thinking, right, you're out on the street, kind of thing.
Mary's Phone: Yeah, right. Yeah, sure. Life is no fun.
Natalie Austin: And then whatever that's all settled will start cutting back on this whenever you're ready.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Mom.
Natalie Austin: Okay, social history married single divorced
Mary's Phone: Single
Natalie Austin: Any kids. He said he had a daughter.
Mary's Phone: seven year old little girl.
Natalie Austin: She lived near with you.
Mary's Phone: She lives with my mom. She's not too far.
Mary's Phone: Not too far from me.
Mary's Phone: And yeah, I can. I'm able to see her wherever I want my mom's pretty cool. I've gotten a lot better. Over the past several months.
Mary's Phone: Um, I was like, inconsistent.
Mary's Phone: Go and then and then not see him for a while and then, you know, it was just in and out of her life. It was really rough on my daughter.
Mary's Phone: So I finally got my shit together a little bit since I've been, you know, using the side effects.
Mary's Phone: Basis, which has been pretty awesome.
Natalie Austin: Great.
Natalie Austin: Where's the. What about the baby mama. She around
Mary's Phone: She's, she's still she's still actively using
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Mary's Phone: So she is. She is a senior
Mary's Phone: Yesterday for the first time, several weeks, and she went to a year without any years she seemed like twice.
Natalie Austin: Oh really,
Natalie Austin: Yes, she lives.
Natalie Austin: She lives custody of her obviously
Mary's Phone: Yeah.
Mary's Phone: Yeah, she got she got in trouble, a felony charges.
Mary's Phone: And then
Mary's Phone: Then, me and my mom. That's what I was brilliant heroin and like you know it was a problem the problem and
Mary's Phone: My mom wanted my mom was scared that there's something happened to me that her family was a bunch of weirdos.
Mary's Phone: When
Mary's Phone: You
Mary's Phone: Get stuck in foster care.
Mary's Phone: So I just signed over signed over my rights to my mom and dad until I got my shit together.
Natalie Austin: Oh, good. Okay. I gotcha.
Natalie Austin: So she's been she in foster care at all or
Natalie Austin: She won't write to your mom.
Mary's Phone: Raise my mom and dad.
Natalie Austin: That's wonderful. Oh.
Natalie Austin: And she's got love from family, you know, that's wonderful.
Natalie Austin: Because foster care. You never know. You know what, what's gonna happen.
Natalie Austin: They don't love you. This is family.
Natalie Austin: Unfortunately, the page.
Natalie Austin: Oh, great. Oh.
Natalie Austin: Told your mom.
Mary's Phone: Hi I'm terrible. I'm not sure.
Mary's Phone: I know she's young
Mary's Phone: She had her. She had my sister, which was 16
Mary's Phone: Oh wow, I'm
Natalie Austin: In the math for you.
Mary's Phone: My sister is
Mary's Phone: Shit.
Natalie Austin: 30 430-334-3334
Natalie Austin: So she's 50
Mary's Phone: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah 50 to do
Natalie Austin: So she can actually
Natalie Austin: That daughter could actually be hers to, you know,
Natalie Austin: Because you can still have kids up there. Yeah, you know, that's funny. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Your daughter, that's fine.
Natalie Austin: So we have
Natalie Austin: A
Natalie Austin: Good day going into our family history is your, your mom and dad are alive and well. Yeah. Your mom's 50 and she said, You have she has no a medical issues, right.
Mary's Phone: Yeah, right.
Natalie Austin: And you're not, you said your dad as heart disease, but he's battling that said, do you know how old your dad is
Mary's Phone: He was a he was a
Mary's Phone: He was like six years older six day
Natalie Austin: 2638. Okay gotcha, gotcha.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so you're single you have one daughter is seven. Um. Are you employed or unemployed last lose your job did a covert are you looking
Mary's Phone: No, I'm I'm currently
Mary's Phone: I'm waiting on a background check, come back for a job at the more he can young start happening.
Natalie Austin: Oh, good.
Mary's Phone: Right, yeah, it's exciting because it's kind of a cool role it's
Mary's Phone: I don't want to say a counselor.
Mary's Phone: Suddenly romney working a lot with kids like
Mary's Phone: Not forget what the exact title was but
Mary's Phone: I want to help young kids.
Mary's Phone: Before they go down a road that like
Natalie Austin: You're saying
Mary's Phone: Wow. Hey, if I feel a lot better about the things I've done in my life if I knew that I prevented even one person from going down that same misery.
Natalie Austin: Right for You.
Natalie Austin: Tobacco use how long, how much you smoke a pack a day, half a pack two
Mary's Phone: Packs. Yeah, pretty much a back
Natalie Austin: Since age 1618
Natalie Austin: Funny.
Natalie Austin: And he said, no alcohol use.
Natalie Austin: Previous IV drug use, not but none currently
Natalie Austin: Marijuana or
Natalie Austin: Methamphetamines, or any of that stuff.
Mary's Phone: Yeah, marijuana, and
Mary's Phone: Unfortunately,
Natalie Austin: Was last time you did either those
Mary's Phone: Marijuana was yesterday. And same with me.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Because we do urine drug screens monthly, which you probably already know.
Natalie Austin: So both of those should not be in there just
Natalie Austin: Let you know right
Natalie Austin: So I just encourage you to stay away from this
Natalie Austin: Unless you have a medical marijuana card.
Natalie Austin: If you have a medical marijuana card, you can
Natalie Austin: You can have marijuana in your system. I'm gonna try to make one
Natalie Austin: You go see there's a joke. That's good.
Natalie Austin: That's funny. That's good.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: Do you have any allergies.
Mary's Phone: No.
Natalie Austin: Just in the logs and I put that down.
Natalie Austin: Because they won't, they won't. They'll still no one feels prescriptions for savvy tax unless you have an election allergy listed
Natalie Austin: Oh, wow. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: So you've never had a prescription before say they might give you a slack about it, but I'm just letting you know.
Natalie Austin: Because it's easily savvy tax we give that to people that have allergies to lock sound like you do. And the pregnant pregnant, pregnant women. That's it.
Natalie Austin: Because, um,
There's
Natalie Austin: You can abuse it more than the other than the people or the sub you text or Suboxone because there's no naloxone in it.
Mary's Phone: Really
Natalie Austin: Isn't the locks on acts as a barrier.
Mary's Phone: And also,
Mary's Phone: The smart and also in my experience.
Mary's Phone: Like even me be taking the subtext. I've tried. I've tried to use their own and I still couldn't get
Mary's Phone: Like
Natalie Austin: Blogs
Mary's Phone: Yeah, yeah, it's still still doesn't allow you to
Mary's Phone: So that's how
Natalie Austin: You get, how do they both you're right that I'm going to be your friend blocks the me receptor in the brain, but the no oxygen like that helps with
Natalie Austin: How I explained it. Like if you do too much, it kind of brings you back and levels you out if something happens to you, kind of like save your life. They use an art can, you know, to reverse things
Natalie Austin: And that's what that is.
Natalie Austin: That's more of like a security blanket. I guess with within the movie for an orphan. So that's why it's it's abused more, I guess.
Natalie Austin: Um, do you take any other medications.
Natalie Austin: Anything from the
Natalie Austin: From the pharmacy.
Natalie Austin: I'm a review of systems. Do you have any nausea, vomiting, fever, chills, headache,
Natalie Austin: Right now.
Natalie Austin: No. Okay. Signs of withdrawal right now.
Natalie Austin: No good. No constipation or diarrhea.
Natalie Austin: Constipation
Mary's Phone: Yeah yeah i mean
Mary's Phone: I really need to go. It's been a been a rough time really
Natalie Austin: And that's from the heroin. You know that
Mary's Phone: Yeah, but I haven't been on heroin in like six months.
Natalie Austin: Oh yeah no subs, though. Yeah.
Mary's Phone: No still on on it as
Natalie Austin: Well, constipation is also just to support participation is one of the main problems with this Ivy Tech so
Natalie Austin: As well because it's an opioid agonist. It's like an opioid
Natalie Austin: And that's what causes constipation. So I mean, lot of a lot of our patients just have to say you're still software every day. So just, I would get a bottle. You can get them from the Dollar Tree dollar store just take that pill and whenever you take yourself.
Natalie Austin: How will you remember to take it.
Natalie Austin: Just once a day. No, you don't need it twice.
Natalie Austin: So that'll help. Well, yeah, I did. I did one of our group meetings, I did a topic on that.
Natalie Austin: For everybody
Natalie Austin: It was a they're all laughing about it was cute but
Natalie Austin: Dance very common, unfortunately.
Natalie Austin: It was a fun one.
Natalie Austin: Um, I'm so really review systems, negative, positive, anxiety and positive for constipation. No swelling or anything.
Natalie Austin: No good.
Natalie Austin: If this book them general lot of owners white male know keep distress. How tall are you,
Natalie Austin: Six foot. Um, yeah.
Natalie Austin: And how much do you weigh
Natalie Austin: 242 40
Natalie Austin: At AMP T cardiac pulses and tag lungs non labor aspirations, as I'm understanding extremities know DMO cycle or oriented times three.
Natalie Austin: Neuro founders two to 12 intact muscle skeletal five five feet normal
Natalie Austin: lymphatics Nolan fed off of the skin multiple tattoos, but no rashes.
Natalie Austin: Even though rashes now. Right, right.
Mary's Phone: Right.
Natalie Austin: Now I just have to say, I could dictate this for my, I have a dictate a transcription is this typing this up for me, that's all. So, I have to say all this part of the
Natalie Austin: dictation, um,
Natalie Austin: Assessment Social Anxiety Disorder opioid abuse F1 1.10 tobacco use.
Natalie Austin: High hypoglycemia.
Natalie Austin: And then plan.
Natalie Austin: Continue subtext eight slash two tabs one POV ID times
Natalie Austin: Or accent time seven days monthly UDS monthly or checked.
Natalie Austin: Mental health exam completed tobacco.
Natalie Austin: Cessation
Just
Natalie Austin: Copy to Dr. Jamison core
Natalie Austin: Cosine
Natalie Austin: That will do
Natalie Austin: Monthly or biweekly
Natalie Austin: individual counseling per patient request.
Natalie Austin: And then we'll try to do some group count in some groups at least once, and see how you do. Okay.
Mary's Phone: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Just wanted is if it's really bad, then we can continue with individuals, how you do that. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Like I said, it's very laissez faire
Natalie Austin: It's very, it's not intimidating is
Natalie Austin: What I'm trying to say the group's
Natalie Austin: Very, very, very, very low key everyone's super cool and you don't talk to anybody. You don't want to be
Natalie Austin: Very easy. It's easy for you guys, I promise.
Natalie Austin: I'm
Natalie Austin: See, do you have any other questions for me.
Mary's Phone: No.
Natalie Austin: I see it's like one more thing here, here, and then I'll let you go.
Natalie Austin: What is your zip code.
Natalie Austin: What
Natalie Austin: Is like your mailings
Natalie Austin: 44905. Okay, sorry.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, okay.
Natalie Austin: I just need that to plug in here.
Natalie Austin: Okay, we'll check the order system here just checks prescriptions as all
Natalie Austin: No biggie.
Natalie Austin: Let your dinner.
Natalie Austin: snack.
Mary's Phone: Need help
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Do you live by yourself or do roommate there I saw
Natalie Austin: The roommate. Yeah.
Yep.
Natalie Austin: Oscar. That's that means you're not alone completely on it in the corona.
Mary's Phone: And they're the ones that actually helped me
Natalie Austin: really wonderful.
Natalie Austin: Good.
Birthdays 1089 89
Natalie Austin: Alvin brown
Natalie Austin: Zip code is for 495
Natalie Austin: Or nine to five.
Natalie Austin: Have you ever lived outside of Ohio like any other states.
Mary's Phone: No.
Natalie Austin: It looks like you only got of the last two years for last year. So you had a Tramadol prescription. That's about it for two days that must be from a dentist.
Mary's Phone: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I've been all Phyllis
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Everything looks good there.
Natalie Austin: Everything looks good, they're
Mary's Phone: Just checking. Oh.
Natalie Austin: Did you get a text on your phone. I sent you a text EVERY TIME I CLOSE. Yeah, that's, um, that comes from when I send out prescriptions. There's a button on there to says
Natalie Austin: You know, send your patient. They have good Rx coupon. I click on that. Just so you know, I sent the prescription out
Natalie Austin: So in the future, like in the future when you get that you'll know what it is. Okay.
Natalie Austin: And it's kind of weird, but they don't have a text saying telling you I set your prescription. Now, they just have that
Natalie Austin: So that's better than nothing.
Natalie Austin: And they give you the information on the urine.
Mary's Phone: You're in drug screen, what
Natalie Austin: Did they give you information.
Natalie Austin: Okay, it should be in your email.
Natalie Austin: Um, they'll send you a cup. I know the first time you I think you have to go to a lab. We just need blood work just to check your liver and kidneys. Make sure they're okay.
Natalie Austin: And after that, we'll send you a cup in the mail, you just do it.
Natalie Austin: From a video or something.
Natalie Austin: Oh, okay. That makes sense.
Mary's Phone: That's different.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, it is.
Natalie Austin: You don't believe, though, to
Natalie Austin: reruns, you don't have to get out.
Natalie Austin: You'll get an email with all that as well.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: And I know we're shows the therapist and if she, I don't know what her schedule is for individuals at all. So I'm not going to give you the days on that, but I'll let her know that you want individuals.
Natalie Austin: Our group counseling is on Thursdays. We have two of them one at noon and one and six.
Natalie Austin: And then we open one up on groping a couple up on Monday to
Natalie Austin: So, just FYI.
Natalie Austin: So when you hear from this job, you'll probably be starting work soon.
Natalie Austin: When, when you get this. Yeah.
Mary's Phone: Hopefully really
Mary's Phone: It's not consistent. It's all side jobs for different contractors
Okay.
Mary's Phone: Somewhere have a legitimate you know I know my hours every week. Okay.
Mary's Phone: I don't have to wonder if the Boston ad
Mary's Phone: Or any of that.
Natalie Austin: I hear you. What, what is your professional, what do you do your you build
Natalie Austin: What is a carpenter.
Natalie Austin: Carpenter. Okay, that's great. Are you in the carpenters union.
Mary's Phone: Yeah.
Mary's Phone: $400 to do that.
Mary's Phone: Trying to save money.
Natalie Austin: But here, but you'll be bonded though you'll be safe.
Natalie Austin: You good for you to get in that
Natalie Austin: Yeah, good, good. Yeah, definitely put up piggy bank together there for that.
Mary's Phone: Right.
Natalie Austin: Along with your medical marijuana card.
Natalie Austin: You're gonna have one for each
Mary's Phone: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: All right.
Natalie Austin: Any other questions. I think we're about done.
Natalie Austin: I got all the paperwork done Hawaiian so
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Good. Awesome. Thank you so much. You're welcome. You hang in there. We'll see you soon. Okay.
Natalie Austin: I gave you a non totally I gave you enough till next Thursday. So hopefully next Thursday we'll try the group and then go from there we'll definitely set you up for the individuals to okay
Mary's Phone: Okay, awesome. Thank you so much.
Natalie Austin: You're welcome. Bye bye. Nice meeting you.